Updates in 3.0 and above (#8886)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Get-CsOnlineUser.md

However, the cmdlet will return information for both online users and on-premises users.
If you want to exclude Skype for Business Online users from the data returned by the Get-CsUser cmdlet, use the following command:

`Get-CsUser -Filter "TenantId eq "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000""`

By definition, users homed on the on-premises version will always have a TenantId equal to 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000.
Users homed on Skype for Business Online will a TenantId that is equal to some value other than 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000.

**Note:**

> The below updates are applicable for TeamsOnly customers using Microsoft Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 onwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following updates are applicable for TeamsOnly customers using Microsoft Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and later.
```

- Phone
- WindowsEmailAddress*

> *Supported filters* - Filtering has been limited to the below attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Supported filters* - Filtering has been limited to the following attributes:
```

- accountEnabled
- ownerUrn
- displayName
- givenName

> - lineUri

Reviewer 2: If I try to filter LineUri like this

` get-csonlineuser -Filter "lineUri -ne $null"`

I get this

>Microsoft.Teams.ConfigAPI.Cmdlets.internal\Search-CsUser : Filter couldn't be parsed

How to correctly filter by $null ?

Reviewer 2: I am sorry, I actually used 
`get-csonlineuser -Filter "lineUri ne $null"`

- TeamsEmergencyCallRoutingPolicy
- TeamsChannelsPolicy
- TeamsUpdateManagementPolicy
- TeamsCallingPolicy
- TeamsUpgradePolicy
- TeamsUpgradeOverridePolicy
- TeamsAppSetupPolicy
- TeamsAppPermissionPolicy
- TeamsVerticalPackagePolicy
- TeamsSurvivableBranchAppliancePolicy
- TeamsCallHoldPolicy
- TenantDialPlan
- OnlineVoicemailPolicy
- OnlineAudioConferencingRoutingPolicy
- TeamsAudioConferencingPolicy
- TeamsVdiPolicy
- TeamsFeedbackPolicy
- TeamsIPPhonePolicy
- TeamsShiftsAppPolicy
- TeamsShiftsPolicy
- TeamsTargetingPolicy
- TeamsTemplatePermissionPolicy
- TeamsSyntheticAutomatedCallPolicy
- TeamsMobilityPolicy
- TeamsCortanaPolicy
- TeamsMeetingBrandingPolicy
- TeamsNotificationAndFeedsPolicy
- TeamsVideoInteropServicePolicy
- TeamsEducationAssignmentsAppPolicy
- TeamsComplianceRecordingPolicy
- AssignedPlan
- EnterpriseVoiceEnabled
- Identity
- department
- UserDirSyncEnabled
- Title
- CountryAbbreviation
- UsageLocation

*Attributes renamed/replaced:*
- FirstName renamed to GivenName
- DirSyncEnabled renamed to UserDirSyncEnabled
- MCOValidationErrors renamed to UserValidationErrors
- OnPremSIPEnabled renamed to OnPremIsSipEnabled

*Changes in "-Filter" parameter*

> - Assigned Plan filter: Previous format will no longer be supported. Existing filters like `AssignedPlan eq '<some-xml-string>'` will stop working. This will need to be modified to the below format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assigned Plan filter: Previous format will no longer be supported. Existing filters like `AssignedPlan eq '<some-xml-string>'` will stop working. This will need to be modified to the following format:
```

  - AssignedPlan eq "*MCO" or "MCO*" or "*MCO*" for contains checks
 
- EnterpriseVoiceEnabled filter
  - New format supported is as follows "EnterpriseVoiceEnabled eq true / false"

*Format changes in filter operators/syntax*

> Below operators have changed in format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following operators have changed in format:
```

### -------------------------- Example 3 --------------------------
```
Get-CsOnlineUser -Filter "AccountEnabled eq "Disabled""
```

Example 3 uses the Filter parameter to limit the returned data for users who have their accounts disabled.

### -------------------------- Example 4 --------------------------
```
PS C:\> $MeetingPolicy="Kiosk"

> PS C:\> $filterString = 'TeamsMeetingPolicy -eq "{0}"' -f $MeetingPolicy

Reviewer 2: based on the changes in operators mentioned on this commit, is this example still valid?

Author: @get-itips thanks for pointing out, yes I need to change that

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

> *Changes in "-Filter" parameter in Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and above*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Changes in "-Filter" parameter in Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and later*
```

> - Assigned Plan filter: Previous format will no longer be supported. Existing filters like `AssignedPlan eq '<some-xml-string>'` will stop working. This will need to be modified to the below format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assigned Plan filter: Previous format will no longer be supported. Existing filters like `AssignedPlan eq '<some-xml-string>'` will stop working. This will need to be modified to the following format:
```

  - AssignedPlan eq "*MCO" or "MCO*" or "*MCO*" for contains checks
 
- EnterpriseVoiceEnabled filter
  - EnterpriseVoiceEnabled eq true / false

> *Format changes in filter operators/syntax in Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and above*
> Below operators have changed in format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Format changes in filter operators/syntax in Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and later*
The following operators have changed in format:
```

- "-eq" now replaced with "eq"
- "-ne" replaced with "ne"
- "-and" replaced with "and"
- "-or" replaced with "or"
- "-lt" replaced with "lt"
- "-gt" replaced with "gt"
- "-like" and "-contains" no longer supported, now replaced with "startswith" (limited to string attributes)

> Using curly brackets "{" or "}" will not supported in Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and above. Please make appropriate changes to your scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using curly brackets "{" or "}" will not be supported in Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and later. You should make appropriate changes to your scripts.
```

- Old syntax example: Get-csonlineuser -Filter {alias -eq 'name'}
- New syntax example: Get-csonlineuser -Filter "alias eq 'name'"

> *Supported filters in Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and above* - Filtering has been limited to the below attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Supported filters in Teams PowerShell version 3.0.0 and above* - Filtering has been limited to the following attributes:
```
